doc: gsg: Include instructions to set SDK env vars (#46319)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/develop/toolchains/zephyr_sdk.rst

* x86 (32-bit and 64-bit)
* Xtensa

> By default the Zephyr build system assumes the toolchain in use to be the Zephyr

Reviewer: I think this paragraph is redundant and should be removed. Either that or

- rework the existing mentions of these variables below
- just say "By default, the Zephyr build system assumes that the toolchain will be obtained from the Zephyr SDK."

* x86 (32-bit and 64-bit)
* Xtensa

By default the Zephyr build system assumes the toolchain in use to be the Zephyr

> SDK, but you can optionally force this by setting the environment variable
> :envvar:`ZEPHYR_TOOLCHAIN_VARIANT` to ``zephyr``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDK. You can enforce this by setting the environment variable
:envvar:`ZEPHYR_TOOLCHAIN_VARIANT` to ``zephyr``.
```

If you install the Zephyr SDK outside any of the default locations (listed in
the operating system specific instructions below), you must register the Zephyr

> SDK in the CMake package registry by running the setup script, or set

Author: I agree, I reworded it a bit to help. I still think this is worth it, and makes things much clearer for the user, so I will persevere. Thanks for all the feedback!

* x86 (32-bit and 64-bit)
* Xtensa

The Zephyr SDK bundle supports all major operating systems (Linux, macOS and
Windows) and is delivered as a compressed file.

> The installation consists on extracting the file and running the included setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installation consists of extracting the file and running the included setup
```

script. Additional OS-specific instructions are described in the sections below.

By default, the Zephyr build system assumes that the toolchain will be obtained
from the Zephyr SDK. You can enforce this by setting the environment variable
:envvar:`ZEPHYR_TOOLCHAIN_VARIANT` to ``zephyr``.

If you install the Zephyr SDK outside any of the default locations (listed in
the operating system specific instructions below), you must register the Zephyr

> SDK in the CMake package registry by running the SDK-provided setup script, or set
> :envvar:`ZEPHYR_SDK_INSTALL_DIR` to point to the Zephyr SDK installation
> directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDK in the CMake package registry by running the setup script or setting
:envvar:`ZEPHYR_SDK_INSTALL_DIR` to point to the Zephyr SDK installation
directory.
```

> You can also use :envvar:`ZEPHYR_SDK_INSTALL_DIR` for pointing to a directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set :envvar:`ZEPHYR_SDK_INSTALL_DIR` to point to a directory
```

containing multiple Zephyr SDKs, allowing for automatic toolchain selection. For

> example, ``ZEPHYR_SDK_INSTALL_DIR=/company/tools``, where the ``company/tools``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
example, you can set ``ZEPHYR_SDK_INSTALL_DIR`` to ``/company/tools``,\
where the ``company/tools``
```

      * ``/opt``
      * ``/usr/local``

>       If you choose to install it in another folder, you will then need to se

Reviewer: ?

Author: fixed, thanks!
